hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 14 so we are ten days away from
Christmas Eve that's so crazy we're more
than halfway through recount the vlogmas
like advent countdown I'm home for
Christmas now which I'm so happy and
excited about so today I'm going to be
doing turning this vlog into a get
organized with me because today I'm
hoping to do quite a lot of organization
bit so I want to organize my revision
ready for exams getting resources ready
also getting everything unpacked getting
tidied getting the rest of my Christmas
presents
wrapping up presents writing card I'm
gonna be filming promotional videos soon
as I've had a shower here is the
Christmas edition of the study planner
say 31 sheets in every pad and then here
is the stress tracker there are 52
sheets and every pads of this lasts for
a year okay so I'm gonna go downstairs
and get some breakfast and I'm also
going to read over breakfast I'm
currently reading this book which my
friend Rachel got me for Christmas
it's called the bear and the nightingale
and I'm on page 75 I started on the
train yesterday it's so good I love it
getting at myself and breakfast in
breakfast and then I might go up side
with them after undressed
here I was just making my bed and just
getting my room a bit tidier because it
was rather messy and then I decided to
organize my wardrobe so I first of all
put away all the clothes that I bought
home from University
okay so I just taking the boot is for
the Instagram feed and now I'm just
going to film a promotional video for
YouTube which I can post this evening at
4 p.m. to mark the launch of the product
[Music]
okay so I've just finished with the
descriptions for each of the products
and now I am going to quickly add in the
images of the stress track which I've
just taken it's currently 2:30 I've been
doing this pretty much all day but I'm
nearly finished now once I've done this
I am finished with the study planner
launch and then I'm just waiting in
exactly an hour I've got a video
premiering on YouTube which I'm
basically going to go online for it's
it's a study planner release so I'm
going to go online for that and I also
need to quickly finish sorting out all
the packing because I haven't completely
unpacked yet so I'm going to do that and
then I can look up my study planner and
decide what else I need to do I'm
actually obsessed with this I think I
genuinely prefer it I genuinely prefer
it to the lilac one I love the red
I'm not a Shannon's highly happy with um
this dress chuckle one so I'm just
quickly going to take another one
[Music]
I wanna film a video Oh
okay so just planned a video quickly
oh here's the stock I ordered that he
had each to be sent to me really really
lovely lady Dooley helps me to ship and
package one of the orders because there
were just too many I started doing with
myself and it took forever because they
were just so so many orders ok so here's
all my stuff that I have not put away so
I'm gonna do that now quickly and I'll
pay you on time lapse
[Music]
okay so I'm just about to I've ordered
this I'm wearing I'm wearing my teeth
thing that's why I'm this big they
bought this coat secondhand indie-pop
and this part was just had fallen off so
I'm just gonna quickly sew it back on so
I can actually hang it up
[Music]
the blind leading the blind
I went to like put it through and
instead of going through the material I
went and it just went like under the
skin and all the way on down so just
look look away if you watch and don't Oh
God look at it
it's only me it's a dangerous sport this
definitely didn't try it on okay so the
plan now is to try and get a video
filmed before the stuff goes live at
3:35 and then I need to be online from
3:35 on YouTube so I've got until then
and the light won't let me film after
the release so I basically got 15
minutes to film so I'm gonna try and do
that now yes I can I work hopefully
premiering at the moment is the new
study planners
okay so I have just written up a new
to-do list my to-do list isn't very long
and it's basically all about organizing
because the first day of holidays I like
to dedicate to organization I'm sorry
about this list as well basically I keep
on grinding my teeth
you've been during the day and so I'm
trying to wear this mouth guard more
often because it stops my teeth from
getting one away when I grind my teeth
[Music]
number one charge camera that is an easy
task to do
okay I've also received an email from
one of my university lecturers so I'm
just gonna quickly respond to that
oh this camera is running out of charge
to know and so is the laptop this is
what happens I don't I don't take out my
charges immediately I wait and slowly
stops running off charge which actually
haven't provided system ok well I'm
gonna stop filming on here and I'll do a
time lapse on my phone or something so
here I just decided to write a master
to-do list which I could then use for
the rest of the Christmas holidays
you
and then after that I just wanted to
quickly write a list of the books that I
hope to read before the end of 2018
which probably will not happen Amina
being quite ambitious
here is just a quick outfit of the day
so it's all cream and yeah it's
basically human beige but then I'm
wearing some nice fat face socks with
bees on so we just got back from the
cinema we went to go and see Bohemian
Rhapsody and it was incredible we all
loved it what did you think about the
film Martha just said good from upstairs